1. No jump shots. No ferns. No memes. Not this time. I’m going to give it to you straight: If you need health insurance for 2019, the deadline to get covered is December 15. Go to  today and pass this on — you just might save a life. .
2. RT @GetUSCovered: Just ONE WEEK LEFT to #GetCovered for 2019. Most folks can find coverage for $75 or less per month.Head over to .
3. Happy Hanukkah! Over these eight nights, we draw inspiration from light that can overpower any darkness, and recommit ourselves to building a brighter future for our families, our communities, and our world. Chag Sameach from the Obama family to yours..
4. America has lost a patriot and humble servant in George Herbert Walker Bush. While our hearts are heavy today, they are also filled with gratitude. Our thoughts are with the entire Bush family tonight – and all who were inspired by George and Barbara’s example. .
5. I am grateful for the next generation of leaders -- the young people who are tolerant, creative, idealistic and doing the work to create the world as it should be. Who understand that hope requires action. From the Obama family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving. .
6. Thanks to the Chicago @FoodDepository team for all you do and to the volunteers who are doing great work and let me crash today. Happy Thanksgiving, everybody! .
7. RT @ObamaFoundation: The Obama Presidential Center represents a historic opportunity to build a world-class museum and public gathering spa….
8. When someone shares their story, we see the world through their eyes. I’m looking forward to hearing a few from leaders around the world and sharing my own at the @ObamaFoundation Summit in Chicago. Tune in at  .
9. Our future depends on all our young people, including our boys and young men of color, being able to achieve their dreams. Today, I’m proud to share @MBK_Alliance’s first investments in communities devoted to this mission. Get inspired: .
10. Of course, @MichelleObama’s my wife, so I’m a little biased here. But she also happens to be brilliant, funny, wise – one of a kind. This book tells her quintessentially American story. I love it because it faithfully reflects the woman I have loved for so long. .
11. Michelle and I are heartbroken for everybody who’s lost so much in California, and grateful for the heroism of the firefighters who’ve been risking their lives around the clock to save others. Please do what you can to help our fellow Americans in need: .
12. To all our veterans and your families: thank you. There's no tribute that can truly match the magnitude of your service and sacrifice. But all of us can do our best to live up to the American values of service, responsibility, generosity, and citizenship that you helped defend..
13. Congratulations to everybody who showed up and participated in our democracy in record numbers yesterday. The change we need won’t come from one election alone – but it is a start. Last night, voters across the country started it. .
14. Today is the day. Today, it’s your turn to raise your voice to change the course of this country for the better. So make it count. Get out there and vote. Go to  or call 833-336-VOTE to confirm where you can vote and check voting hours. .
15. If you take that power and vote, something powerful happens. Change happens. Hope happens. And with each new step we take in the direction of fairness, and justice, and equality, and opportunity, hope spreads. Go vote! .
16. When you vote, you have the power to make it easier for a student to afford college, and harder for a disturbed person to shoot up a classroom. When you vote, you have the power to make sure a family keeps its health insurance..
17. When you vote, you have the power to protect voting rights. To make sure our criminal justice system treats everyone equally under the law. To strengthen laws that protect women in the workplace from harassment – and make sure they’re paid equally..
18. When we've been at such crossroads before, Americans have made the right choice. Not because we sat back and waited for history to happen -- but because we marched, and mobilized, and voted. We made history happen..
19. Tomorrow’s elections might be the most important of our lifetimes. The health care of millions is on the ballot. Making sure working families get a fair shake is on the ballot. The character of our country is on the ballot..
20. Speaking of preexisting conditions, open enrollment starts today. If you or someone you know needs health care, visit  Thanks to financial help, most people can find plans for $75/month or less, so check out your options and find a plan that works for you. .
